Pattern
  This operates on senses and context sequences.
  It mines labels/rules from raw experience.
  Current Approaches
    Neural Network

Experience
  Direct observations about the world.
  Always dealing in the definite (i.e. real objects) ("this apple" "that store")
  --
  (Just a note; don't take this too far)
  This is kept as long as one of 2 conditions are me (once neither of these are true, it can be forgotten):
    1) The object is currently "testable" - you can acquire the object, and "do something with it"
       Test something about it: What does it look like, what does it sound like, is it rotten, etc.
    2) You have learned something conceptual about it that hasn't been re-learned by something else more relevant (sooner, still acquirable).
  --
  I feel like there needs to be 2 kinds to experience, each for object->meta and meta->object
    1) object->meta
       This is basically the "experience->pattern" arc
       This is object recognition in raw data
       I usually like to "just assume that this works"
       --
       This needs to be able to ask if the what it found was correct (to verify what it sees is an apple by using other senses to observe it and/or trying to interact with it)
       --
       This has "Fog of War" model as opposed to needing to learn object persistence. Although, it needs to find the objects in the first place...
    2) meta->object
       This is when using your actions to interface with the world - How did things turn out?
       This is a "larger experience" with the world that I been mostly thinking about
  --
  This seems like experience can be some serialized variable that isn't linked ... but there will probably be some dependent relationships that show up.
   - What if the raw input is determined to be "malfunctional"?
   - What if identifying an apple influences identifying a pear (oops, that's a nose)
  Current Approaches
    Tons of raw sensor data, like instrumented websites, collecting data on self driving cars

Action
  Actuators onto the world.
  Turns knowledge into something that affects the world/state.
  Current Approaches
    Workflow engine
    Any program ever
    Wolfram Alpha
  --
  In this implementation, it's primarily first-order-logic.

Knowledge
  Internal representation of the world.
  Always dealing in the indefinite (i.e. object concepts) ("an apple" "some money")
  Current Approaches
    Any database ever
    Wikipedia
  --
  Graphs, Graph Theory
  The core data is in an infinite graph. Context will pull out a specific section of it.

Context
  "Current Experience" or "what is with me now"
  This is a list of current resources/attributes (I am at home, I have 1 apple, I have 120 cents)

Simulation
  "Project what will happen"
  What is the impact of my action?
